Links in ingredient names (#5)
tstehr/RecipeMD: specification.md

An ingredient is represented as follows:

1. The amount in italics

> 2. Everything following until the end of the line is part of the name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Everything following until the end of the list item is part of the name.
```

List items may [span multiple lines](https://spec.commonmark.org/dingus/?text=1.%20item%20one%0A2.%20item%20two%0Aalso%20item%20two%0A%0Anot%20item%20two%0A).

#### Name

> If a name contains a [link reference](https://spec.commonmark.org/0.28/#link-reference-definitions), the title of the link target recipe becomes the name of the ingredient.

Reviewer: I think you mean an [inline link](https://spec.commonmark.org/0.28/#inline-link) here, as used in the example. 

Also in my opinion it would be better to use the [link text](https://spec.commonmark.org/0.28/#link-text) as the ingredients name. I'm not sure what to do about a link title, maybe just parse and serialise back as is?

Author: Yes, I mean inline-link and guess I got link-text and link-title confused.

Author: Plus, I am thoroughly confused by the "requested changes" UX of Gitlab.

Author: Should be resolved in 17653cdef52acadc6ab3023f177e8d19c68a5106
